<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-US" lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>K-3D</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="k3d.png" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="k3d.css" />
	</head>

	<body>
		<div id="nav">
			<a id="logo" href="."><h1>K-3D</h1></a>

			<ul>
				<li><a href="downloads">Downloads</a></li>
				<li><a href="http://www.k-3d.org/blogs">Blogs</a></li>
				<li><a href="http://www.k-3d.org/forums">Forums</a></li>
				<li><a href="http://www.k-3d.org/wiki">Wiki</a></li>
				<li><a href="planet">Planet</a></li>
				<li><a href="tracker">Tracker</a></li>
			</ul>
		</div>

		<div id="content">

			<div id="top">
				<div>
					<h2>Seven Degrees of Freedom</h2>

					<p id="description">K-3D is free-as-in-freedom 3D modeling and animation software.
					It combines flexible plugins with a visualization pipeline architecture,
					making K-3D a versatile and powerful tool for artists.</p>

					<div id="downloads">
						<a href="downloads"><h2 class="highlighted">Download K-3D Now!</h2></a>
					</div>
				</div>
			</div>

			<div id="left">
				<h2>Easy</h2>
				<p>K-3D's interface uses your platform's look-and-feel, and it's consistent with
				the applications you already know.  New artists will find K-3D easy to understand,
				and professionals feel right at home. K-3D is intuitive, consistent, and discoverable.</p>

				<h2>Powerful</h2>
				<p>K-3D features procedural and parametric workflows. Properties can be adjusted
				interactively and results appear immediately.  The powerful, node-based visualization
				pipeline allows more possibilities than traditional modifier stacks or histories.
				Selection flows from one modifier to the next.</p>

				<p>An advanced undo/redo system ensures you can always go back, and the pioneering undo
				tree means you can always go forward, even where other programs lose the ability to redo.</p>

				<p>Industrial-strength standards form the foundation on which K-3D builds - including
				native RenderMan(TM) support that integrates tightly with the K-3D user interface.</p>
			</div>
			<div id="right">

				<h2>Flexible</h2>
				<p>Get all the power of a node-based visualization pipeline: connect anything to anything else.
				K-3D gives you the freedom to create combinations never before seen.</p>

				<p>Work on one side of a model, show the other side mirrored, and see the end result welded
				together as a subdivision surface in realtime.  Using K-3D, complex workflows are easy to create
				and understand.  Go back, modify the beginning of a workflow, and watch as changes propagate
				automatically to the end.</p>

				<h2>Free</h2>
				<p>K-3D is Free Software. Run it on your choice of platform.  Adapt it for any purpose.
				Receive it at no cost.  Share it with your friends.  All of the K-3D source code is
				available under the <a href="http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-faq.html">GNU General Public License</a>.</p>
			</div>
		</div>

		<script type="text/javascript">
			var gaJsHost = (("https:" == document.location.protocol) ? "https://ssl." : "http://www.");
			document.write(unescape("%3Cscript src='" + gaJsHost + "google-analytics.com/ga.js' type='text/javascript'%3E%3C/script%3E"));
		</script>
		<script type="text/javascript">
			try{
			var pageTracker = _gat._getTracker("UA-3773195-1");
			pageTracker._trackPageview();
			} catch(err) {}
		</script>
	</body>
</html>

